Health CheckUp Guidelines

1. Health check ups are conducted Monday to Saturday by prior appointments. Cancellation should be intimated at least 1 week in advance.

2. Please report at 7.00 am sharp at the ground floor Health Check Up Department with the morning samples of your urine and stool, as per the requirement of the Check Up plan chosen by you. Containers for the same can be collected from the department in advance or from a chemist shop. The approximate time for completion of checkup is 4-8 hours. Please co-operate in case you have to wait for a long period of time.

3. Minimum 12 hours of fasting from juices, food and alcohol is essential prior to check up. Please drink 2 glasses of plain water before coming, to facilitate an ultrasound.

4. Wear loose clothing and easily removable footwear. Do not wear any jewelry (necklaces, chains). Remove eye lenses 2 days prior to eye testing.

5. Males should shave their chest at home to ensure proper ECG and Stress test (Treadmill test).

6. Please bring your earlier medical reports (for the past 1-3 years), medicines, spectacles and hearing aid for check-up. For Stress test, please inform your blood pressure medication list to the Health Check Up executive while taking the appointment, as you have to avoid certain medications 48 hours before the test.

7. Please do not skip your morning medicines or insulin injection on the day of Health Check Up. Carry them along with you so that you can take them after the blood collection. If you are a diabetic or a cardiac patient, please inform the Health Check Up department immediately.

8. Please be informed that certain tests like X rays are not to be done if you are likely to be pregnant, please let us know.

9. For females during their menstruation (menses) a Pap smear test cannot be done.

10. Payment will be accepted by cash or credit/ debit card only.

11. Relatives are most welcome with the patients. In fact we would recommend that family be involved in the counseling sessions. At least one relative should be present with senior citizen during Health Check Up.

12. Inform Medical officer in advance if you want any additional investigations or consultations to be done, so that we can schedule your appointments for the same.